In some of our prayers, we are praying to Padma Samye Ling, to the Buddha, to Tara. That feels like
a form of duality.
How can you explain that, in terms of that in our social teaching, we are trying to end duality?
This too, isn't duality. This whole practice of praying is duality, definitely.
But, as a great-master, as H. Dudjom Rinpoche said, "As long as we have duality, then it's good to
do good dualities."
Really good duality. And that is something more appealing and more kind of more beautiful and more
practical.
And then, according to the Buddha's teaching, I'm teaching, of course, when Padma Samye came this
old, and according to the teaching, when Padma Samye is living Buddha is not just came and gone, he
is living Buddha.
And then also, when Buddha came, by according to the teaching, Buddha is in Tarmakai and Samphogai,
straight as so, he is living Buddha.
And in the Maga, I found that, kind of what we see like this home building, so that is kind of
dissolved there, but still, he is living Buddha.
And according to the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni, Tara is living, again, Buddha.
But that's how we promote the blessings of this with duality, to bless us as duality beings, and as
well as duality beings, everyone, and to remove their obstacles, hindrance, and then just help us
to discover our zoky nature, I mean, according to different people.
But then, that's it, so it's good.